Crescini - Zou Nuptials
2005 May 21

Bridal Entourage

  Groom                   Vino Fernando Crescini
  Bride                   Jane Zou

  Groom's Parents         Mr. & Mrs. Dino Crescini
  Bride's Parents         Mr. & Mrs. Long Qing Zou

  Principal Sponsors      Mr. & Mrs. Hermie Colina

  Secondary Sponsors

    Candle                Mr. & Mrs. Solomon Asalemo
    Cord                  Mr. & Mrs. Michael Zarate
    Veil                  (XXX fix me)

  Best Man                Raki Crescini
  Groom's Men             Roy (XXX fix me)

  Maid of Honour          Vianca Cresini
  Bride's Maid            Roy's Sister (XXX fix me)

  Ring Bearer             Lorenzo Asalemo
  Flower Girl             Salina Huang

Gathering Together

  (Ushers show guests to their seats)

  (Hand out wedding booklets as guests arrive)

Entrance Rite

  Entrance Song

  (Bridal entourage enters)

Introductory Rite

  Greeting

    Dearly beloved, we are gathered here today... ?? (XXX fix me)

  Penitential Rite

    (XXX fix me)

  Opening Prayer

    Preist:

      Father, hear our prayers for Vino and Jane, who today are united in
      marriage before your altar. Give them your blessing, and strengthen
      their love for each other.

      We ask this through our Lord Jesus Christ, your Son, who lives and reigns
      with you and the Holy Spirit, one God, for ever and ever.

    All:

      Amen.

Liturgy of the Word

  First Reading (Genesis 2:18-24)

    Reader 1:

      A reading from the book of Genesis

      (God took a bone from man's side, close to his heart, to show the tender
      love man and woman can share together).

      The Lord God said, "It is not good that the man should be alone. I will
      make him a helpmate". So from the soil the Lord God fashioned all the
      wild beasts and all the birds of heaven. These he brough to the man to
      see what he would call them; each one was to bear the name the man would
      give it. The man gave names to all the cattle, all the birds of heaven
      and all the wild beasts. But no helpmate suitable for man was found for
      him. So the Lord God mate the man fall into a deep sleep. And while he
      slept, he took one of his ribs and enclosed it in flesh. The Lord God
      built the rib he had taken from the man into a woman, and brought her to
      the man. The man exclaimed:

        "This at last is bone from my bones,
        and flesh from my flesh!
        This is to be called woman,
        for this was taken from man".

      This is why a man leaves his father and mother and joins himself to his
      wife, and they become one body.

      This is the word of the Lord.

    All:

      Thanks be to God.

  Responsorial Psalm (Psalms 148:1-4, 9-14)

    Reader 2:

      Let all praise the name of the Lord.

    All:

      Let all praise the name of the Lord.

    Reader 2:

      Praise the Lord from the heavens,
      praise him in the heights.
      Praise him, all his angels,
      praise him, all his host.

    All:

      Let all praise the name of the Lord.

    Reader 2:

      Praise him, sun and moon,
      praise him, shining stars.
      Praise him, highest heavens,
      and the waters above the heavens.

    All:

      Let all praise the name of the Lord.

    Reader 2:

      All mountains and hills,
      all fruit trees and cedars,
      beasts, wild and tame,
      reptiles and birds on the wing.

    All:

      Let all praise the name of the Lord.

    Reader 2:

      All earth's kings and peoples,
      earth's princes and rules:
      young men and maidens,
      old men together with children.

    All:

      Let all praise the name of the Lord.

    Reader 2:

      Let them praise the name of the Lord
      for he alone is exalted.
      The splendour of his name
      reaches beyond heaven and earth.

    All:

      Let all praise the name of the Lord.

  Second Reading (Corinthians1 12:31 - 13:8)

    Reader 3:

      A reading from the first letter of St. Paul to the Corinthians

      (St. Paul speaks of the selfless way that describes a loving couple's
      relationship).
 
      Be ambitious for the higher gifts. And I am going to show you a way
      that is better than any of them.
 
      If I have all the eloquence of men or of angels, but speak without love,
      I am simply a gong booming or a cymbal clashing. If I have the gift of
      prophecy, understanding all the mysteries there are, and knowing
      everything, and if I have faith in all its fullness, to move mountains,
      but without love, then I am nothing at all. If I give away all that I
      possess, piece by piece, and if I even let them take my body to burn it,
      but am without love, it will do me no good whatever.
 
      Love is always patient and kind; it is never jealous; love is never
      boastful or conceited; it is never rude or selfish; it does not take
      offence, and is not resentful. Love takes no pleasure in other people's
      sins but delights in the truth; it is always ready to excuse, to trust,
      to hope, and to endure whatever comes.
 
      Love does not come to an end.
 
      This is the word of the Lord.

    All:

      Thanks be to God.

  Gospel Acclamation

    Alleluia, alleluia!
    Everyone who loves is born of God and knows him.

    Alleluia!
 
  Gospel (Mark 10:6-9)

    Preist:

      The Lord be with you.

    All:

      And also with you.

    Priest:

      A reading from the holy Gospel according to Mark.

    All:

      Glory to you O Lord.

    Preist:

      (You are bound so closely to each other in marriage that in some ways you
      are to be inseparable).

      Jesus said, "From the beginning of creation God made them male and
      female. This is why a man must leave father and mother, and the two
      become one body. They are no longer two, therefore, but one body. So
      then, what God has united, man must not divide".
 
      This is the Gospel of the Lord.

    All:

      Praise to you, Lord Jesus Christ.

  Homily

Liturgy of the Sacrament

  Introduction

    Vino and Jane, the promise you make to each other today is serious, because
    it will bind you together for life in a relationship so close and so
    intimate that it will profoundly influence your whole future. That future,
    with its hopes and disappointments, its successes and its failures, its
    pleasures and its pains, its joys and its sorrows, is hidden from your
    eyes. You know that these elements are mingled in every life and are to be
    expected in your own. And so, not knowing what is before you, but trusting
    in God's companionship, you take each other through the best and worst of
    what lies ahead, until death. Join your hands, and commit yourselves to
    each other forever.

  Giving of Consent

    Priest to the Bridegroom:

    Vino, do you take Jane to be your wife? Do you promise to be true to her in
    good times and in bad, in sickness and in health, to love her and honour
    her all the days of your life?

    Bridegroom:

    I do.

    Priest to the Bride:

    Jane, do you take Vino to be your husband? Do you promise to be true to him
    in good times and in bad, in sickness and in health, to love him and honour
    him all the days of your life?

    Bride:

    I do.

  Blessing of Rings

    Lord, bless these rings which we bless in your name.
    Grant that those who wear them
    May always have a deep faith in each other.
    May they do your will
    And always live together
    In peace, good will, and love.
 
    We ask this through Christ our Lord.
 
    Amen.

  Exchange of Rings

    Bridegroom:

    Jane, take this ring as a symbol of my love and fidelity. In the name of
    the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Spirit.

    Bride:

    Vino, take this ring as a symbol of my love and fidelity. In the name of
    the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Spirit.

Liturgy of the Eucharist

  Preparation of the Gifts

  Prayer over the Gifts

  Eucharistic Prayer

  Lord's Prayer

  Nuptial Blessing

  Sign of Peace

  Communion

  Prayer after Communion

Conclusion

  Solemn Blessing

  Signing the Register
